[poignant music playing]
[man] The medallion on Geralt's neck
twitched in the moonlight.
The stories say
death dogged his footsteps.
But our witcher knew no fear.
[cork pops]
[dramatic music playing]
[sword rings]
[Kikimora roars]
[roars]
[screeches]
[groaning]
[Geralt sighs]
[Kikimora groans]
[water bubbles]
Not the worst.
[man] And that was the tale
of the Butcher of Blaviken.
It's late.
Off you go.
Come on. Off you go. Go. go. go!
[men shouting outside]
[man 1] Hey!
[gentle music playing]
- [man 1] Gonna take my head off!
- [soft footsteps]
[girl] You're telling it wrong.
Ah. Nimue. not again.
It's a hundred years ago.
There's no such thing as right and wrong.
Is that my book?
I nicked it.
- Wha-- [sighs]
- You never read it.
Jaskier. Geralt's best friend.
true recorder of all his tales.
once said
even one Kikimora
could never stop him.
[squeaking]
[dramatic music playing]
- [Kikimora screeching]
- Fuck!
[sword rings]
[squeaking and chittering]
[roaring]
Good. More.
[Geralt grunting]
[squeals]
[energy pulsing]
[Geralt roars]
[screeching]
[storyteller] If you know
the stories so well.
what do you need me for?
To listen.
[rooster crows]
[gentle music playing]
Geralt and Yennefer's love
was meant for the ages.
Though… it didn't always feel that way.
[Yennefer] You stood me up! Two days.
I was waiting in that dreadful inn.
[Geralt] Blame the griffin
that nearly killed me.
If for a moment you'd think of
anything other than your pigheaded self!
And what animal should I use
to describe your head?
Nothing seems quite massive enough to me.
[Yennefer] Get out.
I don't want to see you again.
[Geralt] I never want to be without you.
[soft music playing]
Everything will end like last time.
Be senseless if we were to start again.
I don't think we ever ended.
[Nimue] But it wasn't just love.
It was destiny.
If you believe there is such a thing.
Which led them
to my favorite part of the whole story…
[birdsong]
[crow cawing]
[emotional music playing]
[Nimue] Cirilla of Cintra.
His Child of Surprise.
The completion of their family.
But happily ever after
doesn't make the history books.
His enemies kept coming.
[roaring]
Ripping them apart.
Nilfgaardians.
[dramatic music playing]
Scoia'tael.
And monsters.
So many monsters.
[roars]
[screeches]
But the hardest part was yet to come.
To protect his family.
Geralt had to leave them behind.
To fight the most sinister
monster of them all.
Vilgefortz of Roggeveen.
[thunder rumbles]
[Geralt yells]
[Geralt groaning]
[yells]
- [Vilgefortz] It's over.
- [Geralt grunts]
[Vilgefortz] Ciri's mine.
- [yells]
- [Geralt grunts]
[Nimue] "Never lost. Always found."
The last promise Geralt made was
that they'd be together again some day.
[groaning]
That's not the end.
- Why'd you stop?
- Because I hate what happened next.
When Tor Lara magically exploded.
Ciri disappeared.
[energy pulsing]
[Nimue] She blamed herself for everything.
I relinquish my powers!
Call me Falka.
[Nimue] She told herself that
her family was better off without her.
That this chapter of her life was over.
But that's not true.
[gentle music playing]
Ciri's journey.
all of their journeys.
were just beginning
What makes you think that?
You know Ciri's important to me.
The whole saga is.
Seeing this. I think
I might be important to it.
I think that's me.
Well.
destiny is a funny thing.
But before we get there.
you. uh… skipped over
some important things.
This is it.
"And just when it seemed all was lost.
Geralt rose again."
[dramatic music playing]
[Roach whickers]
Nilfgaard.
[Milva] We need to go further east.
[Jaskier] Just follow the trail
of burning villages to Emhyr's castle.
[Geralt] If he'll destroy the Continent
to control it. what will he do to Ciri?
[horse whinnies]
[birds calling]
[Jaskier] Aah!
Pray tell.
what fresh wartime delight is this?
[flies buzzing]
- Havekars.
- [Jaskier] Aah.
And… what are those?
[Geralt] Traders who steal from the dead
and sell back to the highest bidders.
I hope they left something for us.
Oh yeah! I. for one. hope it's food.
as my stomach. and yours… [clicks tongue]
…is currently eating itself.
Ooh. look at those.
Ooh-hoo! Come on.
Don't be afraid. Here we go.
Jask. we are not savages. Resist the urge.
This turns the victim's internal organs
into a very messy goulash.
Oh. lovely. You were saying?
- All right. what do we have here?
- [branch snaps]
- [Jaskier] Ooh!
[flies buzzing]
[ominous music playing]
[roars]
[coughing]
[yells]
[grunting]
[thud]
What?
Nothing.
I wanted to test the goods.
Like goulash.
Well. it looks like
that bargain didn't go well.
Let's see
what's so important to Nilfgaard.
[Jaskier] Oh. a corpse.
That's rather anti-climactic.
[thumping and grunting]
[Jaskier] Ooh! Ghost corpse?
Is that a thing? I… I don't…
[grunting and banging from coffin]
You!
- [Jaskier] It's him.
- Fucking Nilfgaardian!
- Geralt!
- [Geralt] I'll kill you.
All night. Ciri woke up
screaming in terror because of you.
- [chokes]
- You hunted her for Emhyr. didn't you?
- [men shouting]
- Soldiers are coming.
We need to get back to the path.
I will kill anyone who gets in my way
until I get to your fucking emperor
and kill him too.
- Geralt. Geralt. please.
- [Cahir gasping]
[Jaskier] He's just a prisoner.
Perhaps this is an opportunity
for… less savagery.
- [horse whinnies]
- [men shouting]
Ciri spared your life on the island.
so I will too.
- This time.
- [moaning] Mm-hmm.
But if I see your face again.
I will split you open and watch you bleed.
[Cahir yelps]
- [gasps]
- Let's go.
- [groans]
- [Milva] Good. then. Moving on.
[horse whinnies]
[panting]
[grunts]
[waves breaking]
[Yennefer] Dear daughter.
I haven't been able to feel you
since that terrible day at Thanedd.
When Geralt fell.
and the tower exploded.
[man] Firewood!
[Yennefer] When I said goodbye.
not knowing he was
already laying a trap for you.
I'm looking for Vilgefortz of Roggeveen.
[Yennefer] I know you.
Your strength. your fight…
I know you're alive.
Yet I fear for you.
Something is shifting on this Continent.
Something dangerous. Something dark.
- What do you want. mage?
- This bracelet.
It was made here
with ammonite from your mines.
The man who bought it.
did any of you speak to him?
No.
- [Yennefer] You know his whereabouts?
- Mm-mm.
[Yennefer] Whatever Vilgefortz is up to.
you're at the center of it.
He'll do anything. go any place.
kill anyone to see that plan through.
- [dwarf 1] What the fuck?
- [dwarf 2] Portal!
[Yennefer] His lust for your power
knows no ends.
[dwarf 3] Hey. that's mine!
[Yennefer] But my determination knows
no ends either.
[man] Oi! Who the fuck are you?
[grunts]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
[Yennefer] Don't lose faith. Ciri.
Geralt will find you.
And I'll make sure that Vilgefortz
never gets hold of you again.
That is my promise.
Listen. listen…
[man 1] You'll pay for what you did
to my tavern!
- [elfyn] Whoa!
- [woman in street screams]
- [laughter]
- [man 2] Move it!
- [woman 1] Come on!
- [man 3] Move!
Come on. get the horse!
- [man 4] Come on!
- [laughter]
- [Mistle] Come on.
- [innkeeper] You thieving scum!
[woman 1] Let's go. go. go. go. go!
- Falka.
- [innkeeper] Go on!
[gasping]
[speaking in Elder]
Fucking rodents!
Falka. come on.
[dramatic music playing]
[man in street] Come here.
[Mistle] Grab his horse.
Let's go! Come on.
- Hey!
- [woman 1] Whoo!
- Whoo-hoo!
- [man 2] Let's go!
[man 3] Yeah! Whoo!
Seems like a good place
to bed down for the night.
Sorry. can we just talk about
what just fucking happened?
That shit was mental.
D'you see the way
Giz stabbed that geezer from behind?
I was too busy watching Asse break
every bowl he could find on their heads.
- Well. shame to waste a good bowl.
- [chuckles]
No. best was Blondie toying
with that bloke like a cat with a mouse.
Vicious.
But she's better than any of this shit.
Prettier. too.
[Kayleigh sniffs]
I have to go.
Where do you wanna go?
I don't know.
North?
Good news is. you've got a decent horse.
Should get you across the Velda.
- She'll need a warmer cloak. though.
- And some food.
It's wartime.
Lots of shit-heels rovin' up north.
- [Asse] Mmm.
- I reckon she could hold her own.
She just needs a weapon.
We've got plenty of those.
Why would you help me?
Why wouldn't we?
[Giz] Word of advice
from those of us who have been running
since we can remember.
Wait until daybreak.
And drink heavily first.
Maybe that's just me.
Wait. we passed that barn dance
on the way into town. didn't we?
- Quaint. but I bet they have good stuff.
- Yes!
- What. food?
- Fuck no!
Fisstech.
- Come on.
- [elfyn] Come on.
- [Giz] Let's go.
- [laughter]
- [elfyn] I want to dance.
- [Giz] Let off some steam. people.
- We earned it.
- [Asse] How far is it to walk?
I'm just saying. we could take the horses.
Come on! Lead on.
[Mistle] Here.
Your new weapon.
Thank you.
When the world turns to shit.
you need each other.
You know?
[Emhyr] So Radovid was crying
about some bard?
It's priceless.
Late King Vizimir was an idiot.
but he had the good grace
to just dip his wick in royal orifices.
Huh. My spies will continue to track
the Northern kings' council.
but with Radovid in charge…
[door slams]
…we'll take them by Belleteyn.
Hmm.
[suspenseful music playing]
Xarthisius.
Tell me. any news of Cahir?
Has he been located?
No. my Lord.
- Mmm.
- [Xarthisius] Presumed dead at Thanedd.
All the better for it. He knew too much.
And the front?
[Xarthisius] The North quails
before our brave Nilfgaardian army.
As it was prophesied.
so it shall be.
Even a fortune-teller should know
fables do not win wars.
- Armies do.
- Armies rise and fall. Lord Skellen.
Destiny is everlasting.
But by all means.
put your faith where you see fit.
- [sighs]
- Now. my Lord.
This one asked me to bring him to you.
Approach!
He has an urgent message for the emperor.
Your Imperial Highness.
[kisses]
The message is from
that demon spawn. Geralt of Rivia.
I assumed that the witcher was dead
after Thanedd.
Vilgefortz misled us.
He must have left Geralt
in better condition than he let on.
Mmm.
[soldier] He decimated every guard
at our checkpoint.
He left me alive
to tell you he's coming for you.
He aims to kill you. my Lord.
[Emhyr] Does he?
Well…
- [clears throat]
- [Skellen grunts]
Then it is a warning
that you delivered most faithfully.
Though a futile one
if you had just killed him on the spot.
I tried to fight him.
How would you handle this. Cirilla?
[faint voices whispering]
Cirilla?
[Teryn] Hmm? Your Majesty.
Please. Tell me.
This… man has heard
a threat to his emperor.
and has ran like a sniveling coward.
Tell me. how would your grandmother
have repaid his lack of fidelity?
She would…
punish him.
Indeed.
Have him drawn and quartered
and have the parts fed to the pigs. Now.
My Lord. I implore you--
A man without honor does not merit
a grave for his family to mourn.
[soldier] My Lord. please. I beg you!
[yells] My Lord!
I will hunt down Geralt!
I will bring you his head! My Lord!
[screams]
- [sizzling]
- [Geralt grunts]
[groaning]
[sighs]
[groans]
[poignant music playing]
[grunts]
[Milva] Geralt! Let's go!
Your silence is
especially loud today. witcher.
The man in the coffin.
Are we gonna talk about that?
He's a prisoner of a man who attacked you.
- The enemy of your enemy is--
- Still an enemy.
[Jaskier] The next best thing
to Emhyr himself.
The man was Cahir.
The Nilfgaardian soldier
who once kidnapped Ciri.
- I don't have to justify my actions.
- [Milva] No!
- Just your plan.
- Get to the Yaruga.
Sail downstream to the delta
until I reach the South.
Avoiding the frontline along the way.
which is impossible when it keeps moving.
- Avoiding armies--
- Not to mention monsters.
- Thieves. brigands.
- [Jaskier] Disease. starvation.
Which. despite the fact
we keep hearing ''I. I. I.''
pose as much danger to us
as they do to you.
Fine. Then we need to pick up the pace.
[Jaskier] Right.
- No distractions.
- [distant singing]
Nothing on this Continent
could distract me from the matter at… a…
[group] ♪ She thought he'd count them
'Fore dawn's sun ♪
I love this song!
- ♪ But found him ball-deep in each one! ♪
- Hah! You… do you know this song?
[joins in] ♪ A sheep had swelled
With royal kin ♪
♪ That broke the court with wicked din ♪
♪ And since the queen had made no heirs ♪
♪ A prince was born with curly hairs! ♪
♪ "An heir's an heir." came from the pop ♪
♪ "An heir's an heir"
That's from the top! ♪
- ♪ And that's the tale… ♪
- [Jaskier] ♪ That's the tale ♪
♪ That's the tale. that's the tale ♪
[all harmonizing] ♪ Of King Lambchop! ♪
- Aah!
- [laughing]
[Jaskier] That was wonderful!
I'll be damned.
It's the White Wolf!
Zoltan Chivay's the name.
- Ahem.
- Ah.
My bulbous-nosed friend here
is Percival Schuttenbach.
Fucking hell!
Shut your beak!
[parrot] Arsehole!
The bird is clever but vulgar.
He's called Field Marshal Windbag.
[trills]
[Zoltan] Those in the wagon there
are refugees from Kernow.
Well. well met. travelers.
I. as you must know.
am Julian Alfred Pankratz.
Viscount de Lettenhove.
- [Both] Hmm.
- This is Milva of…
the woods.
and you've met Geralt?
It's bold of you to be marching
along the highway singing.
I don't reckon weepin' as we go
would be any better.
[Percival chuckles]
More and more.
the roads are littered with bodies.
The acrid stench of arson
still in the air.
[flies buzzing]
Least we could do is stay hopeful.
- Where you headin'?
- To Nilf--
- Nowhere.
- Nowhere is…
Righty. Well.
if it is Nilfgaard.
it's a sheer ragin' hellfire down there!
Why would you go toward it?
- To save his daught--
- No reason.
No reasons. Reasons…
[Zoltan] Ahem.
Seems to me you've got
some internal strife to untangle.
Regardless. we're headin' east.
We could march as one company
until we split?
No.
Our journey is too dangerous.
Even better. There's safety in numbers.
Gentlemen. we're terribly sorry.
but we simply--
We got food…
We're in! We're definitely… Safety.
- Safety in numbers is… whatever he said…
- [Zoltan chuckles]
- Come on. Pegasus.
- Hey!
- [whinnying]
- [Jaskier] Come on. Pegasus.
♪ And since the queen
Had made no heirs ♪
[all] ♪ A prince was born
With curly hairs! ♪
- [Windbag squawks]
- ♪ "An heir's an heir" came from the pop ♪
- ♪ "An heir's an heir." that's… ♪
- [sighs]
- [woman 1] Let us in!
- [man 1] You dastardly scum. you!
- [man 2] You bitches! You scum!
- [woman 1] Open the gate!
- [man 3] You witches! Open these gates!
- [woman 1] Give up!
What the fuck?
[man 3] Our blood is on your hands!
- [man 4] We hate you!
- [woman 1] Let us in!
Open up now!
She's back!
[Giancardi] I shall open
the gates for her.
[woman 1] Filthy bitches!
- [woman 1] Come on! Let us in!
- [woman 2] You betrayed us!
- [Keira] Yen!
- [Giancardi] Back away!
- We are not the enemy!
- [man 3] Let us in!
- She's one of them! Witch!
- [man 3] She's one of them!
- [man 4] She's gonna join them! Grab her!
- [woman 1] You'll pay for this!
- You filthy traitor bitch!
- [Yennefer] Let me through.
Fuck you. you witch.
[Keira] Yennefer. come in. quick!
- That's her!
- Magical scum!
- [man 5] Kill her!
- The blood of this war is on your hands!
Yen. get inside! Yen!
- [woman 3] You witch!
- [woman 1] Fuck off. you traitor!
[shouting fades]
Vilgefortz.
- [man 6] That's right. run away!
- [man 7] Fucker!
Where's she going? Yen!
Yennefer!
- He said you'd resist.
- [Yennefer] Resist what?
[man 8] Don't need a hero!
Why did he send you here? Where's Ciri?
Join us and you'll know his plan.
- Yah!
- Let me out!
We need to help her.
[growls] Let us in!
- [Keira] Stay back!
- [whooshing]
Stay back! Yennefer!
- Kill them!
- [man] Get it done. you!
- Kill them all!
- [Keira] Yennefer--
[shrieks] No!
[clamoring]
[Giancardi] No! No!
[man 9] Quisling swine!
[groaning]
[woman 3] Run!
I warned you. You'll regret this.
He knows me better than that.
[man 3] No escape!
[energy whooshing]
[woman 1] Friggin' kill them!
Going somewhere. Yen?
You! He won't win.
Tell him. Tell him!
Join us or lose.
[grunts]
[soft laughter]
[gentle music playing]
Do you remember our first meet?
You were right about the wild wyvern.
You waltzed in like you owned the place.
Just saying. you're a long way
from Gors Velen now. aren't you?
You lost or somethin'?
Always lost. never found.
That's my story.
And all of ours.
You should hang around.
What. with your… gang?
[chuckles] Don't think so.
'Cause we're thieves?
- No. Don't really care.
- [Mistle] Good.
And we're not a gang. We're a family.
Oh… family of thieves.
So what's it like. then? Living like this?
[Mistle] Living for ourselves?
No one to answer to?
No one lookin' over our shoulder?
We live the day like there's no tomorrow.
We have it so good.
we don't wanna be found.
You're intrigued.
Admit it.
Reef. the one with the fisstech.
she used to fight for Nilfgaard.
We all guess that's what fucked her up.
Don't be deceived by her size.
She could kill you a hundred ways.
Charming.
[mimics] "Charming."
That's cute.
All of the men.
and most of the women. want Iskra.
But that's before they find out
she's woo-woo magical.
which is obviously scary as shit.
Giselher's a deserter.
I'm not sure what side he was on.
He calls the shots
'cause none of us want to.
What about the one
who was in the tavern with me?
[Mistle] Kayleigh. A prick. but he always
saves our arses with an explosive or two.
Big guy over there is Asse.
He's more comfortable with horses
than he is with people.
Even more so since he lost his sister
in the Ebbing Rebellion.
When we lost everything.
And… what about you?
I'm the one you can trust.
[Kayleigh] Come on…
Looks like someone else
needs to show you a good time.
[lively traditional music playing]
[laughs]
[animals calling]
[Geralt grunts]
[groans]
- [grunts]
- You in pain. witcher?
No.
You lie.
If you knew. why did you ask?
It's how conversation works.
Back in Brokilon. you never said.
- Was it a monster?
- That's a nice word for him.
What kind?
The worst kind.
The human kind.
- [Percival grunts]
- [Zoltan chuckles]
They're gonna love you for this. Percy!
- [Jaskier] Oh. gentlemen!
- [Zoltan laughs]
- What have you brought for us?
- [Percival sighs] Let me just… Salt.
- [Jaskier] Yeah? [laughs]
- [Zoltan] All right!
- [Percival] Cheese!
- [Zoltan] Yes! It's a big cheese.
- Hah!
- Bread.
- Yay!
- [Zoltan laughs]
- And a haggis!
- No!
- Please don't make me eat sheep's stomach.
- [squelches]
Do you not feel guilty
for robbing other travelers?
[horse whinnies]
I was taught to be good.
I had to be.
But I'm a sensible dwarf.
Were I to be good to the entire world
and all the creatures livin' in it…
[chuckles]
…I'd be a drop of fresh water
in the salt sea.
No. I'd rather do good
where it would not go to waste.
In that case. good to my friends
and my immediate circle.
And that now includes you and yours.
- [owl hoots]
- [Jaskier] Hmm.
[grunts]
You're obviously a man
of great feelin' and few words.
so I'll say one last thing.
If you're dead set on goin' south.
I'll have Percy and the boys
steal you a proper weapon. like mine.
[grunts]
What's wrong with my sword?
[laughs] It's a piece of shite!
- [chuckles]
- [Zoltan] It's not gonna save anyone. Hah!
Why do you think I was ready
to throw in with those havekars?
I thought you were testing the product.
- I lied.
- [Geralt] Hmm.
[poignant music playing]
We leave at dawn.
- Is he offended?
- No. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
He just hasn't been the same
since his injuries.
Since he lost those he loves.
Aye. If he's lost his love.
he shouldn't be the same.
No.
- No. I suppose not.
- [Zoltan] Aye.
[Meve] King Radovid. need I remind you
that Nilfgaard has defeated Lyria.
dismantled Aedirn.
burnt down Vengerberg. subjugated Verden.
and is crushing Brugge and Sodden
at this very moment?
They're everywhere.
and we are losing at every turn.
[Foltest] And at turns
we did not anticipate.
Such as?
I was supposed to lead my troops
across the Yaruga.
but it remains largely impassable.
Is there not a bridge to be found?
What I'm saying is perhaps we look
to other avenues to ensure a victory.
- Perhaps we should ask Dijkstra.
- [Meve] No!
No outsiders.
We once gave a seat to Tissaia de Vries.
and where did that get us?
Now. Nilfgaard will attack
from two directions.
and I will lead my troops
to defend one front.
Who else?
Radovid?
What say you?
Uh…
Or does it take Dijkstra's hand
up your arse to make your mouth move?
No. There's nothing up me.
- [chuckles]
- [scoffs]
[poignant music playing
]
Someday soon. you will secure
the same fate as your foolish brother.
and we shall all be
the more productive for it.
Moving on.
[Henselt] Any further word
on Emhyr's marriage
to that little cunt from Cintra?
[Demavend] If it comes to fruition.
the North's as good as his.
[Henselt] The whole Continent.
[Meve] Oh. enough.
you dribbling cocks' bills.
- Hmm.
- [Meve] We're going to need…
If Radovid continues
to behave like an infant.
we should give him a dummy
and put him back in his crib.
Only if there's room enough
for you as well. my dear.
You saw their faces when we arrived.
You're not welcome here.
- It gives the wrong impression.
- Which is?
That mages can be trusted.
What are you saying?
[sighs]
I'm saying that. thanks to you.
I have a king who can't stop crying
because of some bard.
instead of carving up
Nilfy bastards on the battlefield.
Which means
it's an ideal time
for us to take the reins.
Undercutting Radovid isn't the solution.
If he fails. Redania fails.
and the North loses the war.
- He must be strengthened.
- Hmm!
By us?
By me.
This wasn't our plan.
Neither was killing Vizimir.
Uh. your Grace.
are we to do battle as we discussed?
I may vomit.
[running footsteps]
I'll take that as a yes.
[door slams]
So unless you want our new king
to discover who ordered
the murder of his brother.
find yourself a new plan.
[Rita] Why?
Why did the villagers attack us?
[Yennefer] At first light.
we'll bury them.
After Thanedd.
I thought we were done losing people.
I think we're just getting started.
[melancholy music playing]
There were two mages out there.
Not ours. Rogues.
- They asked me to join them.
- Join who?
Vilgefortz.
When I was looking for him.
the portal system shut down completely.
- Couldn't go any further.
- [Rita] What do you mean?
Portals aren't working.
At least. not for us.
But Vilgefortz portaled
rogue mages here and inside the mob.
He must be controlling them.
- The portals or the people?
- Both. I think.
Doesn't make sense.
He's been on the run since Thanedd.
stopping you from following him.
but now he's following you.
Why?
Let's find out.
[foreboding music playing]
- She's working with him!
- [Triss] Burnita?
- [Rita] But she was one of ours!
- [gasps]
You don't stand a chance against him.
- His destiny.
- [door slams]
[Yennefer] Tell us where he is.
- And what he's planning.
- Fuck you.
Not me. You.
Yen! No!
Ciri's missing.
- That's not all. The Brotherhood? Gone.
- [Burnita gasps]
- Our kingdoms. Our legacy.
- [Burnita whimpers]
It's gone.
He will not be what remains.
- [squelching]
- [whimpers]
[screams]
[Iskra] …several times down there.
only beaten by the time Kayleigh threw up
on a cart outside Pereplut
before we made it to our march.
[Kayleigh] Shut up!
A gentleman can't get respect.
[branch snaps]
Mmm. don't be afraid. It's just me.
[chuckles]
I'm not afraid.
That was nice tonight.
You finally relaxed.
Didn't you. Blondie?
Laughing so hard you could cry.
Which is funny. 'cause
I know the Amarillo prefect
has a bounty on you.
You're no lost little lamb.
You're on the run.
- Are you threatening me?
- Of course not.
Why would I threaten
someone who saved my life?
I'll be gentle.
[grunts]
Leave her alone.
[Kayleigh] Oh. it's just a bit of fun.
Boring. [chuckles]
Are you okay?
[Ciri shakily] It's just been a long day.
And it's a long way
to where you're going next.
[whispers] I know.
I don't know
if you're running towards something
or if you're running away.
You don't have to tell me.
But the best thing right now
is to have people.
Someone.
I have people.
[poignant music playing]
[whispers] Do you want me to go?
[breathing shakily]
No.
[birdsong]
[horse whinnies]
[grunts]
[panting]
- [Milva] Where are you off to. then?
- South.
[Milva] This again? How do you think
you're gonna make it on your own?
[Geralt] I'll figure it out.
Can't lose any more time.
You're in pain.
even if you won't admit it.
- You're barely eating.
- [grunts]
Your sword is… whatever.
[Geralt] Hmm.
If you wanna save your girl.
this isn't the way.
I never asked for anyone's help.
I don't need anyone.
Then why are you so hell-bent
on getting your family back?
I had a nightmare.
Another one?
[sighs] Yes.
[poignant music playing]
She was dancing. and she was happy
like I haven't seen her.
There was music playing.
and she was clicking her heels.
Sounds like a lovely dream to me.
Except right there with her…
Death was dancing too.
Geralt. you don't believe in dreams.
You never have.
[Geralt] That's the worst part.
I don't know it. but I can feel it.
Feel what?
That this is her new destiny.
Fire ahead of her. Death behind her.
And I'm here.
What if I can't save her?
Well. Nilfgaard's not getting any closer.
Shall we go?
[Zoltan] Mornin'.
Did I hear we're goin'?
I have to try again.
[wind sighing]
- [squelching]
- [Burnita whimpering]
- It's been hours. Her mind isn't bending.
- [Yennefer] It is.
- [Burnita gasping]
- I've seen flashes of monoliths.
A pool of darkness. There's more.
- [gasping]
- I can go deeper.
- Yen. please. It will start hurting you.
- [Burnita screams] No!
You're not this ruthless.
- [screams]
- [wind sighs]
[Rita] Tissaia did the same once.
Looking for you.
She wasn't ruthless.
She was determined.
We're with you.
[Burnita breathing heavily]
[melancholy music playing]
[wind hissing]
[breath echoes]
- [squelching]
- [Burnita whimpers]
[cracking]
[Yennefer] Where is he?
- [Burnita yelps]
- Where is he?
[Burnita gasping]
[cracking]
[screams]
[Vilgefortz's voice] Haven't you
lost enough. Yennefer?
Vilgefortz.
Fucking coward.
Sending others to fight for you.
I've given you
a taste of what's out there.
The Continent hates you.
Join me. and I can protect you.
Not on my life.
- What about theirs?
- [Yennefer] I'm not done.
I will suck her dry to find you.
I will hunt you down.
[breath hisses]
[sloshing]
- What's happening?
- Yennefer…
[whimpering]
- [screams]
- [wind gusts]
[gasps] No!
No!
- [Triss] Yen…
- No!
- [Triss] Yen! Yen!
- [Yennefer] No!
Whatever he's doing.
we have no home. no support.
We can't beat him.
We can!
We can.
We can if we build an army of our own.
[birdsong]
[poignant music playing]
[sighs]
[female voice 1] The sword of destiny
has two edges.
- [sighs]
- [Ciri thinks] What is this place?
[female voice 2] It's a possibility.
Could be one of many futures.
[screeching]
[female voice 3] It all depends
on what you decide.
You are the Lion Cub of Cintra.
The world depends on it.
There has to be another way.
[Geralt] If you were
to follow that feeling.
where would it take you?
[Yennefer] Never lost.
Always found.
[Ciri] I have the power to change things.
[thunder crashing]
[energy crackling]
[Calanthe] Your destiny is
in your own hands and no one else's.
You must make the choice.
[sighs]
[wind whistling]
[Mistle] Falka.
I wanted you to know we're leaving.
[in Elder] Something ends.
Something begins.
I'm with you.
[lively music playing]
[horses whinnying]
- I smell something.
- [Zoltan] Huh?
Porridge.
- [Zoltan] Oh-ho-ho-ho!
- [Percival] And milk!
Fuckin' hell!
Oh! [chuckles]
- There's a live cow nearby!
- Ha-ha!
There is no possible way
that you can smell a cow from…
- [mooing]
- Oh. look. a cow.
We're a full day behind already.
Well. let's not waste time.
We should grab the cow and run.
Do cows run?
Genuine question. I don't know.
- I volunteer to check the house.
- [Zoltan] Hah!
You look like a Squirrel.
They'll kill you.
I'd like to see 'em try.
I'll go.
Aah!
Something doesn't feel right.
[woman] No! Stay right there.
Don't come any closer.
It's the pox! You have to go away.
The pox! It's the pox!
[Zoltan] Back to the path.
There's nothin' for us here.
- [Geralt] Let's go.
- [horses neighing]
- [man] Yah!
- [horse whinnies]
[Zoltan] Ah. soldiers.
[horse neighs]
- [soldier 1] What have you got. pray tell?
- Stay back. It's the pox.
- I mean it. Stay back.
- They're not afraid of the pox.
Fear is a human quality.
There's nothing human about them anymore.
- Except their innards.
- Ugh. You heard the witcher.
- [woman] Stay away. please!
- We're a day behind. Let's get a move on.
[woman] Stay back!
- [soldiers laugh]
- [woman shrieks]
- [soldier 2] Come on!
- [woman] No! No!
Bollocks. Witcher. You'll not be
puttin' us all at risk.
- For fuck's sake!
- [soldier 2] Hold her.
[Zoltan] She's not the girl
you're lookin' for.
- [woman] No!
- No. She's not.
- Please! No!
- [soldier 1] Come on. boys!
- Aah!
- [Milva] Geralt?
- [woman screams] No!
- Hah! Yah!
[dramatic music playing]
[screaming] No! No!
- [soldier 1] Hold her still!
- [woman sobbing] No! No!
- No!
- [roars]
- [soldier 3] Let's get him!
- [woman] No!
[soldier 2] Come here!
Get him!
[screams]
[gasps]
[croaking]
[yelps]
No! No.
No! No! No! No!
[groaning] No!
[screams]
- [sizzling]
- [screams]
Yah!
- Hah! Hah!
- [horse snorts]
- Hah!
- [horse neighs]
- [soldier 4] Hah!
- [Milva] Fuck.
[soldier 4] Hah!
[sighs]
[Percival] We can't go in there.
What about the pox?
[Geralt] There's no pox here.
Just a girl trying to survive.
[sighs]
- Are you all right?
- [whimpering]
- Can we take you somewhere?
- [sobs]
[sighs]
- [door locks]
- [Zoltan] Ugh!
Ungrateful human.
[Milva] What does that girl have
to be grateful for?
That she's saved
from being brutally raped this time?
That she's managed to survive
in this wretched world?
All fair points.
[horse galloping]
[Jaskier] Oh fuck!
- You!
- [Milva] Witcher!
I told you if I saw you again.
I'd kill you.
Geralt!
The enemy of your enemy helped protect us!
- Yah!
- [horse neighs]
[Jaskier] Well…
back to the path?
I thought we were
resisting the urge to be savages.
Not anymore.
Let's go!
Yeah.
[thrilling music playing]